hello friends that such a good afternoon and
welcome to your program to date I am
Leticia Mendoza and I'm happy to be
here on this occasion doing the
program from the offices of
quinceanera magazine in the city of
Fremont in Mrs. Magazine helps you
you to plan this party so
important the party of 15 years like this
as well as weddings and different events
great that you have as you can see
here behind me I have some girls
beautiful pretty quinceañeras
who are modeling the dresses of
jost elegans bright the one with whom
we will also be talking more
go ahead to give us more
information about this store and good I
I take this opportunity to tell you that quinceañera
magazine will be carrying out a
quinceanera expo this Sunday sunday 19
August on the grounds of the fair of
san jose besides that they are going to
be giving away a good dress have
three options either a dress the
sound or the cake for your next
quinceañera or wedding I later on will
I will be saying what it is that has
what to do to participate
I also tell you that we are also going to
giving away tickets for the concert
the giants that will take place in the
Family of San Jose on August 26
brought to you by live nation and
We here on the day we'll be
giving away tickets I later on
I'll tell you how you can participate in addition to that
comes a super festival this Saturday 18
August I'm talking about the festival of
the island in cow bild are going to enjoy
delicious sauce good atmosphere
spectacular music amazing food
delicious and much more and here we are
giving away family packages so that
you can go and enjoy with all your
family and with all his friends and also
that because I want to tell you what
we are going to have this afternoon for all
you and well know that it is our
Wednesday cooking make our
chef adriana lópez brings us a
delicious recipe very easy to prepare
I am sure that many of you
they will be very interested and also
also comes to álex steps with the best
of Mexican football we also have the
temperatures and then I'll
I want to present our first segment
It is our segment
with omar and cristian de omar and cristian
hair salon and good this time they
they are going to be telling us they are going to
explain a trick how you guys are
can make the waves in the hair without
need to use tongs is a way
Very easy to protect your hair
In addition to everything and good
taught here they have it good mari the time
last we say an invitation to the public
to send us your questions
directly to our mail
electronic day at tn.com and
It caught my attention in particular
this question because I feel very
well identified with her this is how
do the wavy hair curls if one
does not have in the curling iron or the iron
Actually then, I know that you
you come here to the rescue and you're going to
show how it's done there we're going to give
answers is very simple the only thing that
have to have is
the fleet was a farm the size of the
plant because I know there are several sizes
for that is not important for this not
is important and the other thing that has to
have is easy aluminum foil
that is essential to do this is very
simple is simpler look up chase
we have it ready here I 'm going to
prepare some here is a system of
they have bloated look
the hair ring is left the nice
fact
and we close it with the paper
and there we leave it, let's do one more
to be seen
We take the hair we organize is very
simple
when it was perfect ringed is not
necessary to put dominant crochet and the
fish the hair has to be dry dry or
dry ok do not do it with hair
wet
there is again
this works for people who have the
hair a little wavy but who wants
give it more shape as I look at you
you better be important studying
produces for any of the stones
in the cheek well straight that well
when they are not caught at all
curls that say form I made the curlers
at 10 minutes in my case with this they go
to be all night combed ok
well before and then these are now
I will show you
when we have it wrapped we apply
The iron
they see that a vapor comes out and goes through the
moisture that remains of the cable is normal
well we mark it well now I see that what
you open the irons social words like
when you ask yourself what town what is going
unless we try the metal
here if I would check it, the paper required me
although then what I'm doing is
well it's squeezing it opening and
closing
for how long you have to do that
it's a few seconds
5 hours
5 seconds 6 seconds
ok with this is already finished you have to leave
cool this side well as I already
everything is done excellent of course
we take out only what only if only
look at what beauty of curls for god
or call but they are perfect they remain
totally perfect now he needs you
throwing is absolutely nothing if
you want to spray so that it lasts longer
at night because you're going to dance
you can sweat a little
you can perfectly use it is but not
it is necessary it is good to me I love it
this option because apart lasts more such
you do not have to wash them once a day
next then it is an option
super good is I want to take advantage for
thank antonella who has served us
of model here now has been
precious
there you have an option to do the
curlers
excellent thank you very much for your kit
clearer beauty that people have
served very much and good precisely
have any beauty questions
specific that they would like to
Our expert or a bar and omar
cristian in the living room these can send
an email to the address at
day
kpn ze.com omar a pleasure to be
with us and antonella of course
model see you
thank you very much, I love those
advice you give us and good invite
to our public to communicate
with us through our mail
mail on our website
Facebook
if they want to ask you a question in
specific to omar good we
let's pause when we return we come
with our kitchen segment